(INSTRUCTIONS: Instructions are in parentheses. Please delete all instructions from the summary before submitting it.)


(NOTE: Although Canvas has the ability for you to add a comment when you submit your summary I WILL NEVER READ THOSE COMMENTS! Make sure that everything you want me to read is INSIDE this executive summary file!)


(NOTE: remember to name this file username-projectname.txt where 'username' is your UWNetID and 'projectname' is the name of the project. Project filenames should be all lower case since all UWNetIDs are lower case and all project names are lower case.)

Assignment name: (for example, "Assignment 0") 
TCSS 305: Programming Practicum, Winter 2016

Name: (YOUR NAME)
UWNetID: (YOUR UWNETID - NOT YOUR STUDENT ID NUMBER!)
Subversion Revision Number: (Your SVN revision number here - just the number, nothing else)
(REMEMBER to perform an 'update' on your project to get the latest revision number - use the revision number from your PROJECT, not from a file inside your project. The subversion revision number entered here should not include any leading spaces or any other special characters. Place the revision number on the same line and immediately after the label "Subversion Revision Number:" shown above.)


Assignment Overview:
(Describe your understanding of the purpose and scope of the assignment in 250 words or less. The word count is not strict, so don't worry about going slightly over. Do not just copy text from the assignment description.)


Technical Impression:
(Describe what you have done to complete the assignment in 200-500 words. The word count is not strict, so don't worry about going slightly over; however, summaries that do not meet the minimum length requirement or are trivial in nature (representing little thought or effort) will not get full credit. You can share your personal experiences, things that particularly frustrated you about the assignment, things that particularly interested you about the assignment, etc. It is especially important that you document any difficulties you had with tools, Java libraries, etc.)


Unresolved problems in my submission:
(Use this space to list problems which you know exist in your submission. This could include program features which you did not have time to implement, bugs in your code, warnings generated by the tools which you did not understand or did not have time to correct, or other issues. I give a reduced grade penalty for problems which I find in your submission that are listed here and a larger penalty for those which are not. Just say 'none' if there are no issues that you are aware of.) 


Questions:
(Use this space to ask questions that you still have about the assignment, or just say 'none' if you have no questions at this time.)

